[Internal] SentinelOne v2 3.2.37 (#4)
munna-metron/content: Packs/SentinelOne/ReleaseNotes/3_2_37.md

#### Integrations

##### SentinelOne v2
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.12.8.1983910*.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Added support for **sentinelone-list-installed-singularity-marketplace-applications** command that returns all installed singularity marketplace applications that match the specified criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for **sentinelone-list-installed-singularity-marketplace-applications** command that returns all installed singularity marketplace applications that match the specified filter values.
```

> - Added support for **sentinelone-get-service-users** command that returns all service users that match the specified criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for **sentinelone-get-service-users** command that returns all service users that match the specified filter values.
```
